Forms | Howard University Skip to main content Web Accessibility Support Section Menu Office of the Registrar Close Section Menu Please see the below links to access the named registrar forms. Deactivated Forms: Forms may be deactivated when the deadline for submission during the current semester has passed. All deactivated forms will be reactivated at the start of the following semester. DocuSign Forms: All DocuSign forms require you to validate your email address, so please check your inbox for an email from DocuSign to complete the validation process. Once you have entered all information, please review your submission to ensure there are no errors. Once you have selected submit, your form submission will be routed to the appropriate signer(s). An additional confirmation is not required. You will automatically receive a completion email once your form has been processed by our office. If there are any errors on your submission, the Office of the Registrar ( registrar@howard.edu ) will contact you to clarify the matter. Undergraduate: For Undergraduate Academic Advising information , and to view the Undergraduate Catalogue , please visit the highlighted links. For graduate advising details, please consult with your school/college/department. *Please also note the Fields of Study offered at Howard University: All school/colleges also have detailed academic program information included on their respective websites, and the academic/student affairs unit within your school/college will be able to provide you with guidance prior to completing these forms. It is imperative that you consult with these individuals to ensure all possible scenarios are understood and fully discussed so that you can make an informed decision. To learn more about the major schemes under each program, please view the Undergraduate Catalog . Major, Minor, Concentration Change Forms Intra-University Transfer Form This form is intended for currently registered undergraduate students who would like to change their major school/college. For example, changing your major from a program within the College of Arts & Sciences to a program within the School of Education . Before completing this form, please consult with the Dean's Office of your intended school/college. You must ascertain the Dean of New School/College or Approved Designee's Howard-issued email to complete this form. If you are unsure of the appropriate staff/faculty member to include on this form, please contact the Associate Dean of the new school/college. Again, please note that all students must enter their Bison email address and the Howard-issued email address of the Dean/Designee in the respective fields for this form to be successfully processed. Non-Howard email signers will not be processed. If you are experiencing issues with your Howard-issued email, please contact the Help Desk as soon as possible to troubleshoot a resolution. All forms submitted by the end of the first week of the semester will be processed with an effective date for the current semester. For example, if a student submits a form on August 28, 2021, the new major/minor will be effective for Fall 2021. This can have real ramifications on your eligibility to register for courses with major restrictions. As such, we do implore all students to monitor the University Calendar . The deadline to submit intra-university transfer forms for Spring 2026 is January 23, 2026. Any forms submitted after that date will be returned and will need to be resubmitted for a future semester. *This form is not intended for incoming undergraduate students who have not yet completed their first term of classes at Howard University. Change of Major, Minor & Concentration Form This form is intended for currently registered undergraduate students who would like to: Change their major within the same school/college , OR Change their minor/concentration (either within the same school or a different school/college). For example; Changing your major from one program within the School of Business to another. Changing your minor from a program within the College of Engineering & Architecture to the College of Nursing & Allied Health Sciences . Changing your concentration from one program within the School of Communications to another. College/ School Changes: If you are changing your school/college, you must complete the Intra-University Transfer Form instead. Before completing this form, please consult with the advisor of your intended major/minor. You must ascertain the Advisor of the New Major/Minor's Howard-issued email to complete this form. If you are unsure of the appropriate staff/faculty member to include on this form, please contact the department chair/undergraduate director of the new academic program. Please note that all students must enter their Bison email address and the Howard-issued email address of the advisor in the respective fields for this form to be successfully processed. Non-Howard email signers will not be processed. If you are experiencing issues with your Howard-issued email, please contact the Help Desk as soon as possible to troubleshoot a resolution. *This form is not intended for incoming undergraduate students who have not yet completed their first term of classes at Howard University. Biographical Update Forms Legal Name Change Form This form is intended for students who wish to update their legal name on their academic records. Applicable supporting documents must be uploaded at the time of this form submission. One official name change document (Marriage License, Birth Certificate or Other Legal/Court Document), as well as two photo IDs (Passport, Driver’s License or Other Government Issued ID) must be submitted. Residency/Citizenship Status Change Form This form is intended for students who wish to update their residency/citizenship status on their academic records. Applicable supporting documents must be uploaded at the time of this form submission. One official document (Citizenship Certificate, Naturalization Certificate, Permanent Resident Card, U.S. Passport or U.S. Birth Certificate) must be submitted. Transfer Credit Form Transfer Course Petition Form This form is intended to be completed by students who would like to enroll as a visiting student at another college/university. Each college/university attended must be regionally accredited for transfer credit consideration. Before completing this form, students and academic advisors must discuss the transfer petition process. Your advisor should be able to assist you with where you should take transfer coursework, when you should take it (if eligible), how desired classes fit into your degree plan, and the credit hour assignment policy. It may be helpful for you to provide your advisor a list of schools you are interested in taking coursework at, as well as a copy of the course description for each relevant course. Only one college/university may be included on this form. *NOTE: Courses taken at other institutions without prior approval will not be considered for transfer credit. After Connecting with an Advisor: Once you have consulted with your academic advisor and have thoroughly researched coursework that may be submitted via this form, please enter all courses on the Transfer Course Petition Form , and attach a document with all course descriptions. Note, for general education coursework, where the course titles and course descriptions are similar, the courses are most likely to be transferable. Please see our transfer credit and articulation page for further details. Your academic advisor cannot approve transfer coursework. After your form has been submitted, the Office of the Registrar will provide approval on general education transfer coursework. For courses that are major specific or fall outside the scope of what is normally considered general education coursework, the Office of the Registrar will work with the relevant department that teaches the similar HU course to get any required signatures. * Please do not assign a staff member in the department that teaches the Howard equivalent course as the signer if this person is not your academic advisor. Course Audit Forms Course Audit Form ​ This form is intended for students who would like to request to change a registered course from credit to audit. Before you submit this request, you must consult with and receive approval from your academic advisor and the course instructor. Auditing a course consists of attending classes and listening without responsibility. An auditor is not responsible for any assignment or examination. No credit may be earned in an audited course by examination or otherwise. Classes taken on an audit basis will appear on the official academic record. Students are required to pay eligible tuition and fees associated with course registration by the given deadline. Tuition for audited classes is the same as for classes taken for credit. This form must be submitted within the add/drop period for the applicable semester.