[Student Video Transcript - https://www.tiktok.com/@ssanyuspeaks/video/7530062510569884942]: At this point, if you're in black, take talk and you haven't heard about the Howard University financial aid crisis, I would be shocked. You might have seen a go fund me, something about the email protests, but now we're going to talk about the first official response from Howard University. I'm going to break down what they did say and what they did not say. And by so many students feel like their statement didn't actually address the concerns. If you want to know what's going on, watch this video until the end and repost it that more people can have this information. Let's get into it. Four days ago, Howard University posted on their official Howard 1867 Instagram account with a statement that was joined between the office of the burser and the office of financial aid. I'm going to put the screenshots of the posts on the screen so you can read it yourself, but I'm going to break this down piece by piece and address each portion. So they started off with something simple. They're committed to every student success, the cost of their education, that was their opening statement. Then they moved to talking about bison web and bison hub. Let me explain. So I'm a junior Howard University. This is my third year. However, when I came in my first year in freshman year, we had this system called bison web. This is how we use bison hub. This is like our central area to manage everything regarding our student experience, our academics, our financials, our class schedule, everything is on that platform and the transition was a little bit interesting because there was a lot of confusion when it came to going from bison web to bison hub. Students didn't really know how to work it, some of the administration didn't really know how to work it. Different things were showing up, documents were missing, there was just, it was a lot. The word to describe is a lot. And in Howard's defense, they did try to hold training sessions and teach students how to use the platform. But reasonably, switching from any big piece of technology to another big piece of technology with the university could cause some problems, which is why in their statement, they used the transition from bison web to bison hub to explain why several students got delayed notifications for account updates between May and June. What they didn't say, however, was how many students received these delayed notifications and when they realized that these delayed notifications were impacting students' abilities to pay off their balance. So we're going on to the next part with all the numbers, about 1000 out of 14,500 students have unpaid balances. So that's roughly one in 15 students. This year, a lot of people felt like they were seeing an unprecedented amount of Howard University students posting about their GoFundMe's reaching out for support and asking for money so they could pay off their balances. And that 1000 number was something that added a level of quantification, but at the same time it still leaves questions because we don't know if those balances are for summer classes, all 2024 semester, spring 2025 semester, how many of these students are going to have delays and registration and housing and all those things. So even though that 1000 number is good to give us an idea, there's still a lot of questions that arise with it. They don't want to say that they're offering in-person and virtual meetings with the office of the bursar and the office of financial aid. They also held a webinar for student who were in financial need and it was a collaboration between the office of the bursar and the office of financial aid. They were talking about payment plans and they were explaining the process and that people needed to pay by the deadline. It also said that they were awarding $210 million dollars in aid this year and I saw this video earlier today of this girl who explained it so well, Howard's finances. I forget her name, but I'm going to put her TikTok on the screen. Please go watch her video. She explains all of it. And I'm going to read this next part word for word because I don't want to mess it up but we're going to talk about it after. It says student tuition and fees remain a critical source of funding that supports students, faculty, instruction, facilities, and central operations and the overall fiscal health and sustainability of the institution. This is true. However, part of a lot of people's frustration with this part of the statement is that we know that our tuition and fees are critical source of funding for the institution. But the problem isn't the fact that people need to pay their tuition. Obviously, we do. We're going to school. The problem is the communication used in the process or lack thereof and the alleged lack of support after the problem was caused by the lack of communication from the institution in question. It was a lot of words. I know. But you get what I mean. At the end, they encouraged everybody with an overdue balance to stay in communication with the university staff so that they can work together to solve the problems. But now I want to move into a little bit of the student perspective because there were a lot of comments on this post and I feel like they need to be addressed. One of the comments says, this doesn't address how students were blindsided with balances and left with no time, no aid, and no warning. Another one said, now what is this thing exactly? I'm hearing it's how it's fault because of the transition from bison hub made a delay in notifications. Why send us to collections for an interest rate to be added? And another person said, fire the whole PR department. Clearly, there are a lot of feelings that are happening between the students and alumni because they feel like Howard University number one did not address the issues at hand. Number two did not provide the services and support that they should be because allegedly they were the cause of the problem. And number three, they feel like Howard is truly just discarding the student who decided to attend their school. So feel free to make your own conclusions. I'm going to be coming back with a video recapping the next post that they made and hopefully this explained the issue a little bit more to you slash broke down what Howard's first response was. But I will definitely be coming back with more because the situation is not over.

[Student Video Transcript - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LeI1AlZGek]: And I hope that you are ready for the more tea, okay? Hey y'all, and welcome to the Ginger Spice Show. It is your hostess with the mostest. You are not so typical school psychologists. Ginger! If this is your first time on my channel, I just want to welcome you to my spot, welcome you to the show, welcome you to this experience, right? I hope that whatever you came here for, whatever you clicked on this video, you get what you need. And I'm glad to have you. Like, I hope you know that I am glad to have you here. And if you aren't OG, if you've been a part of the family, if you've been in the house cooking with me, hey, love, what is up? What is going on? I've really missed you. And I want you to let me know how are you? How you holding up? What was your week like? What are you getting into? What does life look like for you right now, right? Let me know in the comments. Y'all know I'm ready to talk to y'all. I want to hear from y'all, so let your girl know. Don't forget to like, comment, and subscribe. Hit the button and hit the bell. Like, y'all know y'all want to come back here. And I tell y'all this every week. I know that you love it. I know that you love what I'm delivering. So do it for me. Right here. In this week's episode, I will be delivering the road tea about how I made it to the Howard University. And what that process was like, from the day that I applied to finding out that I was accepted, all the way until I moved into my apartment. The road was rough. It was kind of tough, but your girl made it. It made it all the way through, so that is what matters, right? So that's what you came here for today. You know, I got you. Howard was the only school that I applied to when I was applying for a master's program. I started off with a list. I had about 10 schools, but when it really came down to the wire, I only applied to one. Howard University. Because in my heart of heart, I knew that's where I wanted to be, but I still had to make a list because you still need options. Options are necessary. So I made my list. So there were five master's programs and five PhD programs that I was looking into. And it's recommended that you create a list for about five to 10 schools. Keep a small that you can apply to. But like I keep telling y'all, my senior year and all of that was kind of crazy. I realized that I needed a little bit of a change. And Howard was that for me. I knew that I was going to end up at Howard. I didn't know how. I didn't know what even it would look like to get there. But I knew in my heart of heart that I was going to end up at Howard University. And that I did. Howard's deadline for their master's program is April 1st. And I waited because don't, don't be like me, y'all. I'm trying to give you out of answers because I didn't have anybody to give me the answers. So don't be like me, do better. I'm going to give you out the T to make sure that you all do better than me because that's what I want to see for y'all. I want y'all to be and do better than I did. Okay. Do we have a deal? Like can y'all be promise? All right. Thank you. Promise me. Cool. Thanks. So yes, even though I waited until the last minute to submit my application, I started to get the ball rolling right about in October. Once I had that list together of the schools that I wanted to apply to, I started getting the ball rolling in October. For Howard's master's program, they required to choose to make your official transcripts. They want three letters of recommendation. They want a statement of purpose and they also want an autobiographical sketch. All of that is due April 1st. So you have a lot of, like if you know by the summer, by the end of your senior year, this is what you want to do. This is where you want to go. You have ample time by that April 1st deadline to get everything together. So I don't want your no excuses, y'all. Like I said, don't be like me. Be better than me. Okay, we think he promised. In my statement of research interest, I was able to talk about my individualized major. I was able to really talk about the research that I was doing on campus and ultimately let Howard know why I was an ideal candidate. Because Howard prides itself on being a university and a school-like program that develops learners that are culturally competent and well-versed in working with diverse learners. I'm interested in researching the relational impact that education and health play in the lives of marginalized students in public schools in America. And I was able to hone in on that being what I wanted to research in the work that I was doing at undergrad. So I was able to write about my own personal experience coming from backgrounds that I was trying to research and are that I'm trying to work with now. I was able to talk about the research that I was doing at Yukon while I was there. And I was also able to bridge the gap and talk about what my practice would look like as a school psychologist. And why the missions of the field align with what I wanted to do in the future. So I was able to let Howard know that I researched their program and knew what they were trying to do that I researched the field and knew what the missions of the field were and how I aligned with that. And also to let them know that I already had some research experience and I already was bringing in some cultural competency with me so that I was an ideal candidate. The autobiographical sketch that they ask you to submit is your chance to be able to talk about who you are and how that relates to the work that you want to do. So in my autobiographical sketch I discussed how my parents had to take a leap of faith coming to America and they took a leap of faith enrolling me in like Head Start programs and they took a leap of faith and putting me in Catholic schools and how those leaps of faith I began to internalize and start to take my own leap of faith and that me attending Howard University was a leap of faith for me because I didn't think that I would make it that far to wanting to get a master's degree. So even just having that aspiration to get a master's degree as the first person in my immediate family to get a master's degree that was definitely a leap of faith. So I used my statement of purpose and my autobiographical sketch to build the story and create the story that I wanted to give to Howard University to let them know about myself on a personal level but also relating to the research that I wanted to do and the work that I wanted to do that I could do at Howard University. For my three letters of recommendation I asked professors that I had at the time and I asked one of my advisors for my major as well because I felt like they knew me well enough to write a good enough recommendation for me and that's what matters. You need to reach out to people that know you well enough so that they're not just gonna give you a generic recommendation because yes, of course, those may work but you become a better candidate when you have people that actually care about you and know what you're going for and know your goals and all of that that can vouch for what you're trying to do. One of the professors that I had at the time he thought that he wasn't a good candidate to write my recommendation but I thought that he knew me well enough to be able to write a good letter. So those are the things that you have to think about, right? Yes, you can have a professor that has all of the accolades or whatever but if they don't know you well enough to write something that's going to benefit you, don't ask them. Find somebody that knows you that's going to pour their heart out into this letter these letters can be the difference between an acceptance and a rejection, honestly, truly. So make sure that you're finding someone that really knows you and knows how much you want to be in the program how that will benefit your life how it'll benefit your goals to write you a recommendation. So once I have my application packets together and I promise y'all I probably had it together before March 25th but that critic that's going to inside of you baby, it'll save you some things sometimes. So I waited until March 25th when I submitted my application because I was nervous. I had doubts, I had fears that I was even going to get into Howard University's master's program because parts of me were kind of just like Genadroa. Why do you think you can get a master's? Nobody else has done it before you, like why did you? And we need to learn to quiet, like be quiet. So those little voices that are in our head telling us what we can and can't do because if I were to listen if I would have held out for what six more days I wouldn't be where I am today. So what I'm learning now and what I is crazy to think about the fact that like I was able to do it back then and sometimes it still even impacts me today is to just do it while you're afraid, do it scared, do it as excellently as you can, but do it. Like at the end of the day just do it. If it's on your heart to do it, if you're trying to apply to a program even if it's not at Howard and you're watching this the message that just came on my heart just do it and I can say even with this YouTube channel y'all like I was nervous about doing this. I almost didn't do it but here we are. Here you are and that's why I do it. I do it for you. So if you need somebody to do it for if you need somebody to tell you to do whatever it is that you came here and it was go ahead and do it. Okay. Okay. March 25th I submitted my application and graduation was on May 7th and I just was like okay this is it like I don't know what I'm going to do like if I don't get into Howard I don't know what I'm going to do. I wasn't applying to jobs. I just I didn't know and I just believe that if it was for me it was going to happen. So time went by. All this time is passing by. All the time. All the time is passing me by and I still didn't hear anything and then May 7th comes and I'm like okay I graduated. But I still didn't get any acceptance. So it was May 11th 2017. I'm sitting at my grandmother's house in the couch and I get an email. It's about 8 o'clock at night. I just got in the house. I'm going to face time with my best friend and I get an email and I read the email. And it's from Howard University and I got accepted. Y'all going to get tired of me telling y'all that I cried. But when I tell y'all I cried like I was going to fall with my best friend crying. Like I just got into Howard University. The one school that I applied to be only school that I applied to. I was accepted too. Whew baby. Like hey, hi I just it felt really really good to know that all my hard work had paid off and I was there. I mean it. So you got in. What's next? I had to figure out how I was going to pay for Howard. I was going to have to figure out where I was going to live. When I got to Howard I had to figure out how I was going to pay for school like it didn't go without challenges. But that's just how life is going to go and you realize that as you continue to grow that. A life without challenges is a life that you probably don't even want to live. Okay. Just drop with some real tea for y'all. A life without challenge is a life that you probably don't want to live. I thought that I was going to go to Howard as a graduate and live on campus. I don't know why I thought that. I, whatever. But Howard didn't have any housing for their undergrad students. Let alone little OME as a grad student. So they suggested looking on their off campus housing site and that is exactly what I did. I went up there, set up a profile, put my cutest picture up there, put up a cute little bio about who I was and whatever. And my DM started to hit. Like people started to hit me up. Like hey girl, I wouldn't have been here for me. So that Howard housing site, that's how I found my roommate that I stayed with my whole two years while I was in the DMB. And the whole housing process, yeah she was a godsend because she did the whole thing for real. Like she went down there and looked at places, got everything together. And I thank God for that because my family wasn't in the place like financially, mentally even to do that. So I thank God for her for being able to do that and she found us a really nice place to live. It was called Summit Hills Apartments in Silver Spring and I loved it. It was pretty cheap. It was a decent rent. We had a two bedroom, one bath and it was about 1860 for rent. So we split that and that's where I lived and it was great. When people move down to DC and it's them that they probably don't even tell y'all, is that people really don't move into DC. So they moved into the outskirts where you think about like the Prince George's county, Montgomery County. They're living in Maryland where rent is going to be typically cheaper than in the district. So that's what we did to get the most bang for our book and that worked out for us. In the Silver Spring area, there are a bunch of apartment complexes that our student friendly. Along with Summit Hills, there's the Blair's down the street. There's the Twin Towers that are in Silver Spring. A lot of Howard students live at the V Towers and highest room. That's also a great alternative. So if you're looking for somewhere to live while you are at Howard and while you're in the DMV, those are some really great places to start. So financial aid. Howard financial aid. Let us take one moment of silence for Howard financial aid. So for me and the members of my cohort, there wasn't any financial aid like in terms of scholarships and grants. And like they tell you, it is very expensive to attend Howard University because it is a private university. So I almost didn't go to Howard because of the money because of how much it was going to cost for me to attend Howard University. So I'm sitting at home in the summer and I'm really trying to like apply for all these private loans, not getting them because I don't have credit. I come from a family that sucks at credit. So it was a struggle. But I put my faith in God and my dad was going to help me. We were going to set up a payment plan and try to figure it out. Howard University did not offer anything in my package, anything. But that was the price that I was willing to pay to get a better education, to get more education to do what it was that I wanted to do. I came out of UConn having had paid for about one year of school. And I did four years, I did summer, so that was a really great deal for me, right? So having to pay for my master's degree, while there are options and other opportunities and other things that you could do so that you could make it that you don't have to pay for a master's program, I took that on because that was what I wanted to do. And I'm a firm believer in whatever it's for you, it's for you. So it was for me. I'm here. I did it. I have some loans. I'm still living life. It's going to be like that. But I have a nice little little little bit of debt that I am in for my master's degree. But for me, it was worth it. And you really have to make that decision for yourself. You really have to think about what's best for you in this process and understand that loans aren't bad. When you get a credit card, you still have to pay that back. When you get a card, you still have to pay that back. Why not do that for your education? There's a very large return on investment for your education. So for me, I was willing, if you're willing, the opportunity is there, me and my cohort members, we did it. And we all have, like, you know, it just, it really is about what you want and how you're going to get that out of that. So once all of that was figured out and once all of the finances were figured out and how I was going to pay for rent, how I was going to pay for school, I packed up and I moved to Maryland. I moved to the DMV. And my time in the DMV, my time at Howard really changed my life. It just was so amazing and I'm so happy that I took that leap of faith to do that for myself. And I took out those loans and I really made that opportunity what it was for myself and for my future. And I'm so grateful and indebted to myself for that opportunity, the message, my final message before I part with you. If there is something that you want to do that is on your heart, do it, do it scared, do it broke, do it without all of the knowledge, just do it. And if it's meant to be, if it is for you, it will work itself out. Thank you opportunity and thank you family for stopping by at my dinner table and drinking up some real good ginger tea with me. I hope that you got everything that you wanted out of this video. I hope I was able to answer as many questions as you all had. And if not, drop them in the comments and I'll be sure to answer them in my next video. If you haven't already, here's your chance to like, comment, and subscribe and hit the bell because I know you want to. I know you want to come back. You love it. You love it here. You love it. You love it here. I'll see y'all next week on The Ginger Space Show.

[Student Video Transcript - https://www.tiktok.com/@ssanyuspeaks/video/7527812876464082189?utm_campaign=&utm_source=unknown&refer=player_v1&referrer_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.tiktok.com%2Fembed%2Fv3%2F7527812876464082189%3F%26autoplay%3D1&referer_video_id=7527812876464082189]: What would you do if you were given 26 days to pay thousands of dollars to your school? A lot of Howard University students are panicking because they don't have the answer to that question. They can't move into their dorms, they can't register for classes, and in about six weeks, the situation is going to escalate. The video's five minutes long, yes, but you're gonna wanna listen to all of it. Gonna break down the current Howard Collections issue, reference an official post from the Howard University Student Association, give the student a perspective, and offer a tangible solution. So please watch this video until the end, like, comment, share, and repose. Make sure that as many people can see this as possible because we have to talk about it. So how did we get here? Technically, it started on June 4th when people got an email from Howard University saying that they needed to pay in full their past due balances by June 30th or they were going to risk having their debt transferred to an external collections agency. This brings up two very key questions. What is an external collections agency? And why are we halfway through July and people haven't heard from one yet if the deadline was June 30th? A collections agency or collections is an intermediary of sorts or it's an external business that a creditor hires so that they can recover their unpaid debt. They meaning the collections agency and not the creditor. But what does this actually mean? When your balance goes to collections, it means that collections can now charge a 28% to 30% interest fee on that money. So you're gonna have to pay a third more than you would have if it was just the balance at Howard University. Then on top of that, it can impact your credit score it can impact your future financial aid, possibilities and your ability to graduate slash continue your matriculation at the university. Yeah, matriculation. Now on to question two. Why haven't people heard from collections yet if we're halfway through July? Right now, students are in what's called a pre-collections period. So they are still in debt to Howard University. They still owe the money to Howard University. However, if they don't get the money to Howard by August 29th, their balance will automatically be sent to be dealt with by an external collections agency. Now I want to talk about a student perspective because I had so many people reaching out to me to talk about this issue. And I wanted to make sure I was doing it responsibly. So I was waiting for the university slash user to release some information about it. Now we finally have it, which is why I'm talking about it. But I had over 10 people reach out to me saying, can you talk about the situation? And I'm gonna read you something that I was sent in so that we can actually break it down and answer some questions. The student said, a lot of students, including myself, are being told that we have to pay our full balances or we won't be able to register or attend. What's frustrating is that we were originally told payment plans will be available, but now it feels like we're being given no real options. On top of that, we're hearing that scholarships can't be applied to past due balances, which makes it even harder for students to rely on outside scholarships to help cover costs. It's honestly putting a lot of us in a tough position where we're being asked to come up with some large sums of money up front with very little flexibility. Students deserve more transparency and realistic solutions for situations like this. One thing the student said is that payment plans aren't available and that is not necessarily true. You can still do a payment plan. Your payment plan will just be due on August 29th. All the money is due on August 29th. You can't have a past due balance and still register for classes and the ad drop period ends on August 29th, which is why that's the deadline. And now let's talk about the scholarships because this person is also under the impression that you can't apply scholarships to your balance but that is also not necessarily true. If your scholarship is designated for the 2025-2026 school year, then it can't be applied to anything from before. So if your scholarship was for 2024, then unfortunately you can't apply it now. However, if you recently got money, if you got a scholarship, you got a grant, you can apply those as long as it's compliant with the scholarship's timeline. So if the scholarship says it can be used for 2025-2026, like pretty much anything that's going to be current for the school year, then you can use it. So don't worry about that. It's pretty much just determined by where you got the money from, not necessarily how it jewels. Hopefully that explanation made sense to you. That's everything that was on the huge suppose. But now I wanna talk about a tangible solution because I know that I have a platform on TikTok and that people want to actually get the money paid to Howard. So here's what we're gonna do. If you're a Howard student dealing with a collections issue, go to the link in my bio. It's gonna take you to my website where you'll be able to fill out a form, putting your name, your fundraising page, all your information, and then on that same page are going to be all of the Howard University Student Fund Research that we can find, so that we can make it easy for people to support you guys. It can be really difficult to know who to support, when, how much to give all these things when you just see videos popping up in your timeline, when you're seeing them on your Instagram feed and all those things. So hopefully this will make it much, much more accessible for people to get these balances off of their accounts. And thankfully, once that page has been compiled, Husa said that they are going to send it directly to the Department of Alumni Relations in hopes that they will distribute it to their list of Howard University alumni. The situation is urgent. There's a lot of frustration and worry and I completely understand that, which is why we are going to try to work towards the solution and get people funded. So please share this video, repose this video, post it on your story, do what you can't to get the word out because let's make it happen.

[Student Video Transcript - https://www.tiktok.com/@ssanyuspeaks/video/7511726905322900782?utm_campaign=&utm_source=unknown&refer=player_v1&referrer_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.tiktok.com%2Fembed%2Fv3%2F7511726905322900782%3F%26autoplay%3D1&referer_video_id=7511726905322900782]: If you are a college student, listen up because you're gonna wanna hear this tip before you graduate. If you haven't applied for a program or an opportunity that allows you to be a part of a cohort yet, do it right now. Like I'm telling you do right now. I'm currently at Howard University for a 10-day All Expand to Spade Journalism Program called the Du Bois Data Lab. And it's not only an opportunity for me to connect with people who are like me and who have similar goals to me in the field of journalism, but it's also invaluable information that I wouldn't have gotten anywhere else. We're learning about statistics, ethics, and different things that go into data journalism that you don't learn in your regular classes. And then on top of that, it's not just that I'm learning this amazing thing. These amazing things. But I'm also connecting with HBCU students from a whole bunch of different HBCUs. And we're all a cohort and we're all getting to hang out every night and spend so much time together and learn about each other. And all of us want slightly different fields in journalism, but all of us are united by the love for storytelling and the love for stories and now the love for data journalism. Sorry y'all, I'm huffin' and puffin' and I'm walkin' up this hill. If you know anything about how we're told, you know. But yeah, the bottom line is, you have to apply for things like this because sometimes you can get them all paid for. Like our translation was all paid for housing, we're living in one of the dorms and we even got a stipend. And it's like, we get to be here and just spend time with people and learn things. And it's so cool. And it's summer, it's beautiful. Like, it's just stunning. This is just, it's just the best thing that could have possibly happened. So apply if you can because you never know what opportunities you're gonna get and when you don't apply, you're closing doors for yourself that you might need in future.

[Student Video Transcript - https://www.tiktok.com/@ssanyuspeaks/video/7637194378301148429]: The people who are successful in college are the ones who know how to prioritize. Let me say that again. Actually, I'm not gonna do that because you need to listen the first time. Why am I saying this? Because it's college graduation season. I'm seeing a lot of my friends walk the stage, so proud, but I also know a good amount of people who are either a couple of semesters behind or who are struggling. And this is not due to financial issues, it's not due to family challenges. It's because they did not prioritize their academics and now they are feeling the consequences of their actions. I am only talking about that demographic. Please do not misconcure my words. I would argue that this message is most important for incoming freshmen because you guys haven't even gotten a chance to mess up your college experience yet. But there are so many different distractions. Once you get to school, you have boys, well, men, you have women, you have drinks, you have outside, you have extracurriculars, you have all the things. But remember, at the end of the day, you came to get this degree and your college experience will be solid. If you struggle to matriculate through your school, due to the consequences of your own actions. And building that discipline in freshman year is essential because I promise. Senioritis does not just come in senior year. It comes during sophomore year, junior year, and senior year. And sometimes the end of freshman year. There are many, many points where you're just not gonna wanna do this anymore, but you have to push through and prioritize your academics or else you're going to be much more unhappy. You're going to be more upset. Once you get to graduation season and everybody else is walking the stage, except for you. So this is not to fear Munger because you definitely can do it. But please, don't be the outlier who decided that they wanted to be on you street or who decided that they wanted to be downtown and doing all those things instead of doing your schoolwork. You can have it all. You can enjoy college, you can have great friends, you can be outside, you can do it all. You just need to know what your list of priorities looks like and you need to add here to it. And then it will be all good to go and you'll graduate. You're going to wear your copy out and you look so cute and you'll take a wonderful and fabulous graph pictures and it'll be happy to have you after.

[Student Video Transcript - https://www.tiktok.com/@ssanyuspeaks/video/7635075980599627022]: Now that the decision date is here and y'all know we're going to school, I have one piece of advice for all the incoming freshmen who are going to HBCUs because this one mistake will mess you up and I've seen far too many people make it and the worst part is by the time they realize they made this mistake it's already too late. If you're interested in joining either a freshman organization or an organization that you would have to join during your freshman year start doing your research now as in now today. Find whatever website or app your school has a list out all the organizations on campus go through see what you're interested in do do what you need to do to figure out what you need to figure out because a lot of time for these selective works the people who end up making it in they have mentors or people who already go to the school who can help them through the process and this will give you a leg up if you start doing your research early then you'll kind of know what type of students they're looking for who they want and they're or things like that and you're going to hit the ground running when you get on campus now sometimes discussion is necessary sometimes you can't just be like reaching out to all the members of the org saying oh how can I get in how can I do this so use your discernment but please like I need to be the voice in your ear telling you to look at it at least ahead of time so that once you get to campus you're not figuring things out when people have already done a bunch of groundwork because I've definitely seen it up close on personal people who would have wanted to join an organization but they didn't know anything about it like when I say anything about it they know they knew nothing when they got to campus and then they saw a pop out and they were like where's going on they didn't know anything about it so yeah just look at it ahead of time ask some questions if you feel like it's going to make sense if you feel like it makes sense and oh also find a mentor find somebody who's able to help you with what you want to do not just in terms of organizations but majors internships things like that I guess this video is turning into like a double advice video but yeah I just want the best for y'all

[Student Video Transcript - https://www.tiktok.com/@ssanyuspeaks/video/7587096506457443639]: The existence for how a university class of 2030 came out yesterday and some people got accepted and some people got deferred. When people hear that you got deferred early action, everybody's gonna say deferred is not denied, deferred is not denied, which is perfectly fine. And it is true. However, unfortunately, it can encourage a sense of complacency in people who are dealing with the heartbreak of not getting into their dream school. And if you got deferred and you're sick or frustrated or angry or about that, I understand. I hope you sick too. In fact, if I don't get into the grab program I want to go to, you're not going to see the same version of me for a little bit. But, but there's always more you can do. Your feelings are valid, but there's still more time. And if you psych yourself out of believing that fact, you are decreasing your own chances. So please, if you didn't get in, write that letter of continued interest. Sorry, build your case, make the strongest argument possible for you getting in. Please do not be pessimistic. Call the school, ask questions, show your interests, find other how university students who were deferred at first, but still attend and ask them about their experience. See what they did, do what you can because not all is lost. There's still a whole other pool of applicants. And just because you didn't get in early action does not mean that you're not going to go to Howard University. It doesn't mean that you're not smart enough. It doesn't mean that it doesn't mean any of those things. There's only a limited amount of spots. I feel like a lot of people get this mentality that, you know, they just suck and they're not good and all this stuff. But there's a limited amount of spots and there's more people than the amount of spots that exist. So it's a numbers game.

[Student Video Transcript - https://www.tiktok.com/@ssanyuspeaks/video/7568541420085120269]: Howard University just received an $80 million donation from philanthropist McKenzie Scott. And this donation is unrestricted between Howard, can you still money however they please? How do you think they're going to spend it? If we subtract the $17 million that's already been dedicated to the College of Medicine and divide the remaining $63 by the $14,500 to $10 Howard, that equates to about $4,300 per student. Obviously, they're not going to just hand us each a check, but the big question is, where is this money going to go? Over the summer, we all saw the GoFundMe videos, we all heard about the Howard University financial aid challenges, and that's the reason why the most predictable and common ask that I'm seeing for this money to be spent is towards scholarships, student aid, and supporting Howard University students financially. Of course, people are saying they want to see housing updates and renovations, food options expanded, administrative changes, and things like that for the money to go towards. But what I find most interesting and exciting is that this is an unrestricted donation. Unrestricted donations are rare because a lot of the time the donors know exactly where they want the money to go, but in the institution, therefore, they give the money and say, hey, the money should be spent here. The school is bound to obeying because those are the terms under which they received the money. So, for example, say there's a generous alumni who graduated from the Howard University School of Business, and they donate $100 back to the Howard University School of Business and say, this can only be used for your freshman, you know, whatever program you have, the money can only be used there. You can't put it to the school communications, can't put it to the college of arts and sciences, it has to go to SOB. But that's not what's happening here, and I'm grateful because that gives the school a lot of autonomy. But County Scott is very generous, and even the smallest fraction of this money could truly help so many students when it comes to their financial challenges attending the school, and not having to ask people for money continuously to stay in attendance and matriculate through the degree. There's a lot of things that this money can benefit us through. I don't know if we're going to be building dorms, housing, whatever. I haven't looked at the numbers yet, okay. But all I know is that we got an $80 million donation, it's unrestricted, and there are a lot of possibilities for what we could do.

[Student Video Transcript - https://www.tiktok.com/@ssanyuspeaks/video/7536632597468728631]: If you're an incoming freshman at any university, especially an HBCU, I'm about to tell you one of the biggest mistakes you can make when you first get to campus. An upper classmate, you're about to relate, you're going to back me up. Do not, and I repeat, do not stay inside during your freshman week. You might be scared, you might be uncomfortable, you might be nervous. Yeah, I know, trust me, I'm a junior at Howard, I've been through it too, I get it, but a lot of people have a mental block when it comes to their first week in school, and here's what they do not understand. Everybody is scared, nervous, and uncomfortable. Everybody is new, nobody knows anybody unless you come with a couple of friends or cousins or something, but that's not the larger population. You are stepping into an environment where for the most part, everybody is at a level playing field, and first impressions matter so much. Of course, lead with kindness, be yourself, but go to those workshops, go to that programming, go to the parties on the hard, it will benefit you for the rest of your school experience, and enjoy yourself because your freshman week in undergrad is something that you can never get back. And it's not like you're going to look back at it and be like, oh my gosh, I hate how extroverted I was, I hate how many people I talk to, how many names I learned, how many connections I made, how many Instagrams I got, like no, you're going to be grateful, you're going to be glad. So yeah, that's my little piece of advice from your big sis, junior at Howard, I'm so excited for you. Please, please, please have fun.