Quarterly Budget and Expenditure Reporting under CARES Act Sections 18004(a)(1) Institutional Portion/Students, 18004(a)(2), and 18004(a)(3), if applicable Institution Name: Howard University Date of Report1: 9/30/2021 Covering Quarter Ending: 09/30/21 $8,724,000 Section (a)(3): Final Report? X Total Amount of Funds Awarded: Section (a)(1) Institutional Portion: Section (a)(2): Category2 Amount in (a)(1) Amount in (a)(2) dollars, Amount in (a)(3) dollars, Explanatory Notes institutional dollars if applicable if applicable Providing emergency financial aid grants to students or 4,362,000.00 tuition reimbursements3 Providing tuition discounts Covering the cost of providing additional technological 355,476.46 hardware to students, such as laptops or tablets Providing or subsidizing the costs of highspeed internet to students or faculty to transition to an online environment Subsidizing off‐campus housing costs due to dormitory closures or decisions to limit 3,531,432.43 housing to one student per room; subsidizing housing costs to reduce housing density; paying for hotels or other off‐campus housing for students who need to be isolated; paying travel expenses for students who need to leave campus early due to coronavirus infections or campus interruptions. Subsidizing food service to reduce density in eating facilities, to provide pre‐packaged meals, or to add hours to food service operations to accommodate social distancing. 1 Reports must be posted no later than 10 days after the calendar quarter (October 10, January 10, April 10, July 10) apart from the first report, which is due October 30, 2020. Please update this date if there are any changes or updates after initial posting. Any changes or updates after initial posting must be conspicuously noted. 2 Please note that the categories listed may include categories that are applicable to only one or two, and not all, of the grant programs for which information must be reported on this form. Further, each category is deliberately broad and does not capture specific grant program requirements. For example, pursuant to Section 18004(c) of the CARES Act, the Section 18004(a)(1) Institutional Portion funds may only be used “to cover any costs associated with significant changes to the delivery of instruction due to the coronavirus…” and any applicable categories in the chart must meet this requirement. Please refer to the applicable Certification and Agreement and the Department’s HEERF FAQs for more information available on our HEERF website here: https://www2.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ope/caresact.html. 3 To support any element of the cost of attendance (as defined under Section 472 of the Higher Education Act of 1965, as amended) per the Interim Final Rule published in the Federal Register June 17, 2020 (85 FR 36494). Community Colleges in California, all public institutions in Washington State, and all institutions in Massachusetts have different requirements due to recent U.S. District Court actions. Please discuss with legal counsel. HEERF litigation updates can be found here: https://www2.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ope/heerfupdates.html. Category2 Amount in (a)(1) Amount in (a)(2) dollars, Amount in (a)(3) dollars, Explanatory Notes institutional dollars if applicable if applicable Costs related to operating additional class sections to enable social distancing, such as those for hiring more instructors and increasing campus hours of operations Purchasing additional instructional equipment and supplies (such 32,598.60 as laboratory equipment or computers) to reduce the number of students sharing equipment or supplies during a single class period and to provide time for disinfection between uses. Replacing lost revenue due to reduced enrollment Replacing lost revenue from non‐tuition sources (i.e., cancelled ancillary events; disruption of food service, dorms, childcare or other facilities; cancellation of use of campus venues by other organizations, lost parking revenue, etc.)4 Purchasing faculty and staff training in online instruction Purchasing additional equipment or software to enable distance 441,495.04 learning, or upgrading campus wi‐fi access or extending open networks to parking lots or public spaces, etc. Campus safety and operations5 997.47 Other Uses of Funds6 Quarterly Expenditures for each Program Total of Quarterly Expenditures 8,724,000.00 4 Including continuance of pay salary and benefits to workers who would otherwise support the work or activities of ancillary enterprises (e.g., bookstore workers, foodservice workers, venue staff, etc.). 5 Including costs or expenses related to the disinfecting and cleaning of dorms and other campus facilities, to purchases of personal protective equipment (PPE), to purchases of cleaning supplies, to adding personnel to increase the frequency of cleaning, to the reconfiguration of facilities to promote social distancing, etc. 6 Please post additional documentation as appropriate and briefly explain in the “Explanatory Notes” section. 9/30/21