BisonHub 101 Third Party 6. The menu should now display Finances and Academics Third Party Accessing Workday applications. This job aid provides instructions for individuals granted third-party access (also called “proxy” access) by a student to view the student’s financial information, pay bills, and/or to view grades or class schedule at Howard University. Note: When you are granted third-party access by a student at Howard University, you will receive two emails: one with your new BisonHub username and a second with a temporary password. These emails are sent automatically after the student completes the task Menu and applications of listing you as a third-party. ACCESSING WORKDAY FOR THE FIRST TIME VIEWING APPROVED STUDENT INFORMATION After a student grants third-party permissions, log in credentials will be Students control third-party access to their information, so this access sent via email. Use these credentials to log in to BisonHub and reset can be changed, removed, or updated at any time from the student your password as prompted. profile. After logging in, add the academic and financial applications to Menu ACADEMICS FOR THIRD PARTY DASHBOARD to view student information. 1. Select Menu in the upper right. 1. Click Menu, then select . 2. The Academics for Third Party page will display with available tasks. 2. Click . 3. Select a task to view student information. Students having granted 3. Enter Academics for Third Party. Click to add to Menu. third-party access to you will display. Select the required student and click OK. 4. Enter Finances for Third Party. Click to add to Menu. 5. After adding both applications, click . v.240226 Avaap - Confidential Page 1 of 4 Third Party Accessing Workday All Howard University Workday Student / BisonHub training artifacts are confidential and proprietary to Avaap. BisonHub 101 Third Party Academics for Third Party display View Student Grades as Third Party dialogue box Note: The tasks available are dependent on access granted by the student. FINANCES FOR THIRD PARTY DASHBOARD a. Current Classes: Click to view the student’s current enrolled classes. 1. Click Menu, then select . b. Generate Unofficial Transcript for Student: Click to generate a PDF of an unofficial transcript on behalf of the 2. The Finances for Third Party page will display with available tasks. student. c. Student Grades: Click to view the past and current grades for the student. After selecting, a dialogue box will display. Click in the fields to select the Student Record and Academic Period from the drop-down. Finances for Third Party display v.240226 Avaap - Confidential Page 2 of 4 Third Party Accessing Workday All Howard University Workday Student / BisonHub training artifacts are confidential and proprietary to Avaap. BisonHub 101 Third Party 3. Select a task to view student information. If not all tasks display, click . Note: The tasks available are dependent on access granted by the student. 4. Students having granted third-party access to you will display. Select the required student and click OK. a. View Account Activity: Click to view total account balance, due now details, and a transaction summary. Student Estimated Financial Aid display c. Current Payment Elections: View and edit payment elections entered for the student. Payment elections are used for making payments and receiving refunds. Student Account Activity display b. View Financial Aid Packages: Click to view estimated financial aid for selected student. Scroll down to view award Student Payment Elections display year breakdown and estimated costs per academic period. d. Make a Payment: Click to make a payment on the student’s account. View Total Account Balance and Due Now amount. Either type in the Payment Description or click in the field to select the payment from the drop down. If selected from drop- down, the payment type and amount will auto-populate. If typed, manually enter the payment type and amount. v.240226 Avaap - Confidential Page 3 of 4 Third Party Accessing Workday All Howard University Workday Student / BisonHub training artifacts are confidential and proprietary to Avaap. BisonHub 101 Third Party Make Payment as Third Party dialogue box e. View Student Statement: Click to view student’s financial statement for a specific academic period. View Student Statement as Third Party dialogue box v.240226 Avaap - Confidential Page 4 of 4 Third Party Accessing Workday All Howard University Workday Student / BisonHub training artifacts are confidential and proprietary to Avaap.