Homepage | Howard University | Student Financial Services Skip to main content Web Accessibility Support Homepage Student Financial Services Proudly assisting Howard University students to meet demonstrated financial needs. Welcome to Howard University Student Financial Services Here you will find information and resources regarding financial aid, billing and payment, as well as the cost of tuition and associated fees. Questions for Financial Aid? We're here to help. Please contact us if you're having trouble finding information or resources that you need. We're available for visit in the Administration Bldg. RM 205 . The Office of Financial Aid will be available between the following: Walk-in Hours : Monday–Friday, from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Last sign in is at 3:15 p.m. The 2026-2027 FAFSA is Now Available The 2026–27 FAFSA form is now available for all students and contributors. Complete the form to apply for financial aid for the upcoming academic year beginning Fall 2026. The FAFSA form determines how much financial aid you're eligible to receive, which could include grants, scholarships, work-study funds, and loans. You must apply for aid every year, but with the right information in hand, it's easy. Apply for the 2026-2027 FAFSA Changes to the FAFSA for the upcoming Academic Year How Can We Help You? Student Financial Aid Financial aid is funding awarded to help you pay educational costs. Learn more about funding opportunities, such as scholarships, grants, and loans. Billing & Payment Billing and payments are handled by the Office of the Bursar. Get assistance with billing and payment due dates, refunds, removing financial holds, and more. Tuition & Fees Your cost of attendance estimate doesn't just include tuition—it also takes basic living and commuting expenses into account. Learn more about the costs of attending Howard University and what you can expect to pay. Paying For Howard How to Make Payments Find out how to pay your dues. Types of Aid Find information about the wide variety of grants, scholarships, work programs, and loans that may be available to you. How to Apply for Federal Aid Check out our step-by-step guide for applying, receiving, and maintaining your eligibility for aid. Differences between Offices of Financial Aid & Offices Bursar Financial Aid assists students with financial aid eligibility and FAFSA, fellowships, scholarships, tuition remission, loans, grants, and work-study. The Bursar assists with billing and payment due date, identifying holds/removal of financial holds, receipt of outside scholarship and direct pay third-party checks, special billing (third-party contracts and payment plans), refunds, and sibling tuition discount information. FAQs In order to apply for aid, students and parents need to go to studentloans.gov and fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Each student and parent will need to create their own unique FSA ID in order to log in and out of the application. Follow these steps: Log into BisonHub via https://accesshu.howard.edu Click on the Menu button on the top-left of your BisonHub dashboard Click on Financials Hub Within the Suggested Links section on the left of the screen, please click on Make A Payment You will be directed to your ePay page From the main ePay page, click the Payment Plans tab Here, you can enroll into a plan, view your schedule, and review payment plan history Please note : Payment plans are available through Howard University ONLY for the current academic year and within the open enrollment period, no exceptions. For more information, please visit the Payment Plans page . Billing & Payment Due Date Identifying Holds/Removal of Financial Holds Receipt of Outside Scholarship and Direct Pay Third-Party Checks Special Billing (Third-Party Contracts & Payment Plans) Refunds Sibling Tuition Discount Information (PDF) Financial Aid FAQs Billing & Payment FAQs Tuition FAQs Financial Aid and BisonHub FAQ Net Price Calculator Use our net price calculator to estimate your costs for attending Howard University. Calculate Your Costs >> Parents and Families While federal and state aid programs expect students and their families to contribute toward college expenses, financial aid can help narrow the gap between your resources and your costs. Parents and Families