Financial Aid | Howard University | Student Financial Services Skip to main content Web Accessibility Support Section Menu Home Close Section Menu Take Charge of Your Future Paying for college can be daunting but have no fear; we're here to help. Financial aid is funding awarded to help you pay educational costs. The federal and state governments as well as post-secondary schools are public sources of aid, while civic groups, clubs, and religious organizations serve as private sources of aid. Financial aid is classified into three basic types: grants and scholarships are funds awarded that are not required to be repaid; employment is work, either on or off campus that you find through campus student employment services or on your own initiative; and a loan is money borrowed from the federal or state government, the University or an alternative lender that must be repaid, including interest. Financial aid is distributed according to a variety of eligibility criteria within two categories: You are awarded need-based aid to make up the difference between your total cost to attend the University full time and the amount of your family’s contribution as determined by the federal government. You may use non-need-based aid to replace your family contribution if you meet the necessary eligibility criteria, which may vary depending on the program. Office of Financial Aid 2400 6th St NW #205 Washington, D.C. 20059 800-822-6363 The Office of Financial Aid will be available between the following: Office Hours: Monday - Friday 8:30am to 5:00pm Walk-in Hours: Monday - Friday 10:00am to 4:00pm Last sign in is at 3:15PM. Apply For Financial Aid Maintaining your Financial Aid Eligibility Undergraduate FA Virtual Chat Graduate Student FA Virtual Chat How Can We Help You? Scholarships & Grants Howard University has a variety of scholarships available to entering and continuing students. Find out which scholarships and grants you're eligible for. Loans A loan is money that is borrowed and must be paid back with interest. Entering and continuing students are eligible to receive loans. International Student Aid Learn more about how we provide support for our international students at Howard University. Featured Scholarships Scholarship Name Description Qualifications Gates Scholarship The Gates Scholarship (TGS) is a highly selective, last-dollar scholarship for outstanding, minority, high school seniors from low-income households. Each year, the scholarship is awarded to exceptional student leaders, with the intent of helping them realize their maximum potential. Click here for eligibility details See all Scholarships Types of Financial Aid Offered Grants and scholarships are funds awarded that are not required to be repaid See available Scholarships >> A loan is money borrowed from the federal or state government, the University or an alternative lender that must be repaid, including interest. See available Loans >> Employment is work, either on or off campus that you find through campus student employment services or on your own initiative See Work Study Options >> Hear Scholarship Success Stories Taylor Davis STUDENT, CLASS OF 2021 - MISS HOWARD 2020 Being awarded a scholarship...allows me to be able to focus more on other elements of my Howard matriculation and gain a more fruitful experience. Tuition and Fees A Howard University education is an invaluable yet significant investment. Learn more about the costs associated with enrollment at Howard in a given year, including tuition, fees, living expenses, and more. Learn More Billing and Payment Questions Billing and payment is handled by the Office of the Bursar. The Office of the Bursar assists you with billing and payment due dates, refunds, removing financial holds, and more. Learn More Financial Aid Policies Review Howard University policies related to financial aid and other financial services. Learn More